# retrospect

you know you tell me you are close to paying or something...  just hold on...  i guess so i guess...  i'm not sure i'm getting what you're sending me with your actions.  lets just ignore the weirdness and pray that you are indeed more sane than me.  i wonder though.  all the things i wanted.  were easy to get goals.  yet it was considered hard by others. just cause it is. i wonder if i made a mistake gauging things to prep the actions needed...  you know?? no you don't lost in translation.  called my brain is led by a few wires only and you should know better by now but you pretend you stupid or something and you screwed up the world for me.  i dont even know what this world is supposed to mean to me when you dangle money in my face and then take away my shit.  what does that even look like dude???

so yeah, this stinks quite a bit.  i wonder how to leave this place but i always have something to say while things are still good.  i dont think so but whatever.  sometimes i wonder if you guys are trying to kill me or something.  asking retarded shit from me.  5 years bro? and its not even over??  wtf...  i dont know i could keep going but this thing needs to end some day bro.  you stink there's nothing left in here.  you emptied out my brain and now you whine i'm crazy i dont know how to tell you you are a moron.  what is this supposed to be bro?? that's what i don't get.  this was supposed to mean something to me. but you dont make it special..  and i blindly look away at the prize.  i need to plan stuff but you won't complete your shit.  

ah ha!  i finally see the problem...  you are in the way lol...  why are you here i don't even know what to do with you...

wow sir...  i think i stopped playing consequences.  for the love of god stop calling it a flaw or security risk or whatever.  it ain't that hard.  funny my solution was common sense and you send this common sense everywhere.  some thing somethings...

lost in translation bro.

so i figured out lost in translation. you can just cheese it.  say everything is complicated and run away.  then call yourself smart...  flash a degree i am so ashamed of this species that these people would still be morons...  anyways, i figured it out. i am only like this now...  this thing does not reverb like a genuine problem but its good practice i must admit.  the on boarding is terribly wasteful of precious time...  do you know what i'm talking about?  just general issues and problems life brings upon us.  something something we excluded morons.  so i must as you if you wanted the full ride off my ass a while back and you are silent.  you play too stupid i don't know how you think i wouldn't whack you bro.  do you see the problem here? i am an unhappy customer...  you guys stink.  5 years no pay wtf.  on call labour.  damages..  what else am i missing.  oh yeah my time lol.  hmmmm, i think i would not have taken your shit if this was the result lol.  not cause it damages its cause you didn't pay respects to your ancestors you moron.  not to mention i wlll be transforming into a hot milf now.  cause i'm so old but attractive lol...

sometimes though you guys. i wonder you ever learned the lesson of the unspoken truth?  its called these fuckers are lazy shits.  i didn't even want to do anything about it.  can't fix itself you know...  i couldn't tell even when sharkey was trying to convince me some shit.  oh well its a virtue i realize after all this adaptation there are some things that make you virtuous.
